---
title: CIRCOR International Acquires Herringbone Gear Pump Product Line from Flowserve
url: https://www.circor.com/news/press-releases/circor-international-acquires-herringbone-gear-pump-product
date: '2025-10-01'
author: jennifer
feed_url: https://circor.com/rss.xml
---
CIRCOR International Acquires Herringbone Gear Pump Product Line from Flowserve jennifer 2025-10-01 - 14:51 Press Releases 08.10.2025 Burlington, MA – October 8, 2025 — CIRCOR International, Inc., a KKR portfolio company and a global manufacturer of flow control products for industrial and aerospace markets, today announced that it has acquired essentially all the operating assets related to the herringbone gear pump product line of Flowserve Corporation (NYSE: FLS).  The transaction includes the GAX, GR, & Gearex Series pump lines, which will be fully integrated into CIRCOR’s IMO product portfolio following a transition period.  There will be no disruption to existing or future customer orders. This acquisition fills targeted product portfolio gaps within CIRCOR’s Pumps Americas offering, enhancing its ability to serve established end-markets such as chemical processing, power generation, and general industry. Engineered for durability and performance, the herringbone gear pump line offers key features such as stainless steel construction and intermittent dry-running capability. It is also designed to handle high-viscosity fluids, elevated temperatures, and critical service applications. “We’re excited to bring this proven product line into the CIRCOR family,” said Tony Najjar, President and CEO of CIRCOR International. “These pumps align well with our strategic priorities in Pumps Americas by enhancing our offering for high-viscosity and specialty applications. Our Columbia, Kentucky facility is well-positioned to absorb this production delivering greater commercial focus and operational efficiency for our customers.” Production of the acquired product line is expected to transition to CIRCOR’s Columbia, KY plant in the coming months. During this period, Flowserve will continue to support manufacturing and order fulfillment under a transition services agreement. About CIRCOR International, Inc. Founded in 1999, CIRCOR International, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets differentiated flow control products and sub-systems for Aerospace & Defense and Industrial customers. The Company has a diversified product portfolio of recognized, market-leading brands (Allweiler®, Houttuin™, Imo®, Hale Hamilton, Aerodyne Controls, CIRCOR Aerospace, RTK®, Schroedahl®, Tushaco®, Warren® and Zenith®) that fulfill its customers’ mission critical needs. CIRCOR markets its solutions directly and through various sales partners to more than 14,000 customers in approximately 100 countries. The Company has a global presence with approximately 3,000 employees and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts. For more information, visit the Company’s website at http://circor.com . Contact: Jennifer Edwards Corporate Communications Jennifer.Edwards@circor.com https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20251008953928/en/CIRCOR-International-Acquires-Herringbone-Gear-Pump-Product-Line-from-Flowserve
